1.The most  disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language. - Alan Kay

2. Perl – The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption. - Keith Bostic

3. The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. - Seymour Cray

4. Simplicity is the soul of efficiency. - Austin Freeman

5. PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals." - Jon Ribbens

6. The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. - Grady Booch

7. Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. - Ralph Johnson

8. Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe 
 trying to produce bigger and better idiots. 
 So far, the universe is winning. - Rick Cook

 9. If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization. - Gerald Weinberg

 10. Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. - Cory House

 11. Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Harold Abelson

 12. Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. - Martin Fowler

 13. First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. - John Johnson

 14. Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - John Woods

 15. Truth can only be found in one place: the code. - Robert C. Martin

 16. Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. - Edward V Berard

 17. Programming is the art of telling another human what one wants the computer to do. - Donald Knuth

 18. If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. - Edsger Dijkstra

 19. The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. - Unknown

 20. There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses. - Bjarne Stroustrup

