1. Programmers seem to be changing the world. It would be a relief, for them and for all of us, if they knew something about it.  – Ellen Ullman

2. Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. – Linus Torvalds

3. Programmer: A machine that turns coffee into code. – Anonymous

4. When I wrote this code, only God and I understood what I did. Now only God knows.  – Anonymous

5. I’m not a great programmer; I’m just a good programmer with great habits. ― Kent Beck

6. You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero

7. Programming is learned by writing programs. ― Brian Kernighan

8. Programming is the art of algorithm design and the craft of debugging errant code. – Ellen Ullman

9. Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. ― Rick Cook

10. Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. ― Martin Fowler

11. Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde

12. Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. ― Donald Ervin Knuth

13. Confusion is part of programming. ― Felienne Hermans

14. No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language. ― Ram Ray

15. Programmers seem to be changing the world. It would be a relief, for them and for all of us, if they knew something about it.  – Ellen Ullman

16. Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. – Linus Torvalds

17. Programmer: A machine that turns coffee into code. – Anonymous

When I wrote this code, only God and I understood what I did. Now only God knows.  – Anonymous

18. I’m not a great programmer; I’m just a good programmer with great habits. ― Kent Beck

19. You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero

20. Programming is learned by writing programs. ― Brian Kernighan