1. "The best error message is the one that never shows up." - Thomas Fuchs

2. "Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad." - Cory House

3. "The best programmers are not people who can write the most lines of code. They are the ones who can fix the most bugs per hour." - Josh Cartmell

4. "The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before." - Bill Gates

5. "Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." - Martin Golding

6. "Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." - Harold Abelson

7. "The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language." - Alan Kay

8. "It's not at all important to get it right the first time. It's vitally important to get it right the last time." - Andrew Hunt and David Thomas

9. "The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it." - Dennis Ritchie

10. "You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It's logic-based creativity." - John Romero

11. "In software, the opposite of 'beautiful' is not 'ugly', it's 'broken'." - Unknown

12. "Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out." - Chris Pine

13. "Simplicity is the soul of efficiency." - Austin Freeman

14. "Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." - Martin Fowler

15. "The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take." - Roy Carlson

16. "Give a man a program, frustrate him for a day. Teach a man to program, frustrate him for a lifetime." - Muhammad Waseem

17. "It's hard enough to find an error in your code when you're looking for it; it's even harder when you've assumed your code is error-free." - Steve McConnell

18. "Sometimes it's better to leave something alone, to pause, and that's very true of programming." - Joyce Wheeler

19. "Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job." - Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering

20. "The most damaging phrase in the language is: 'It's always been done that way.'" - Grace Hopper