1.Coding like poetry should be short and concise ― Santosh Kalwar

2.First, solve the problem. Then, write the code – John Johnson

3.Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad – Cory House

4.Make it work, make it right, make it fast – Kent Beck

5.Clean code always looks like it was written by someone who cares — Robert C. Martin

6.Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand ― Martin Fowler

7.No matter which field of work you want to go in, it is of great importance to learn at least one programming language ― Ram Ray

8.Everybody should learn to program a computer because it teaches you how to think – Steve Jobs

9.Web development is difficult, only then it is fun to do. You just have to set your standards. If it were to be easy, would anyone do it? ― Olawale Daniel

10.Programmers seem to be changing the world. It would be a relief, for them and for all of us, if they knew something about it  – Ellen Ullman

11.Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program – Linus Torvalds

12.Programmer: A machine that turns coffee into code – Anonymous

13.You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It’s logic-based creativity – John Romero

14.Software comes from heaven when you have good hardware – Ken Olsen

15.Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code – Dan Salomon

16.Talk is cheap. Show me the code ― Linus Torvalds

17.Don’t comment bad code – rewrite it – Brian Kernighan

18.No one in the brief history of computing has ever written a piece of perfect software. It’s unlikely that you’ll be the first – Andy Hunt

19.Debugging becomes significantly easier if you first admit that you are the problem – William Laeder

20.System programmers are the high priests of a low cult – Robert S. Barton