1. Programmers seem to be changing the world. It would be a relief, for them and for all of us,if they knew something about it.  – Ellen Ullman

2. Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public,but because it is fun to program. – Linus Torvalds

3. Programmer: A machine that turns coffee into code. – Anonymous

4. When I wrote this code, only God and I understood what I did. Now only God knows.  – Anonymous

5. I’m not a great programmer; I’m just a good programmer with great habits. ― Kent Beck

6. You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession.It’s logic-based creativity. – John Romero

7. Programming is learned by writing programs. ― Brian Kernighan

8. Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. - Cory House

9. The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.- Anonymous

10. Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out. - Chris Pine

11. The best code is no code at all. - Jeff Atwood

12. Programming is the closest thing we have to magic. - Drew Houston

13. Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - John Woods

14. The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. - Seymour Cray

15. Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. - Martin Fowler

16. It’s hard enough to find an error in your code when you’re looking for it;it’s even harder when you’ve assumed your code is error-free. - Steve McConnell

17. Programming is the art of telling another human being what one wants the computer to do. - Donald Knuth

18. The best programmers are not people who can write code quickly and accurately, but those who can fix their mistakes quickly and accurately. - Unknown

19. Good code is its own best documentation. - Steve McConnell

20. Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. - Edsger W. Dijkstra
