1. If the code doesn't bother you don't bother it ~ Anonymous

2. If you can read this thank a software developer ~ Joseph M.Abou Nader

3. Pasting code from the internet into production code is like chewing gum found in the street ~Mike Johnson

4. Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code~Anonymous

5.Hacking is like sex. You get in and out , and hope that you didn't leave something that can be traced back to you ~Anonymous

6. Real men don't use backups, they post their stuff on a public ftp server and let the rest of the world make copies~ Linus Thorvalds

7. Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code.~
Christopher Thompson

8. Commenting your code is like cleaning your bathroom - you never want to do it, but it really does create a more pleasant experience for you and your guests.
Ryan Campbell

9. Premature optimization is the root of all evil in programming.
C. A. R. Hoare

10. Good programming is good writing.
John Shore

11.There is nothing in the programming field more despicable than an undocumented program.
Ed Yourdon

12. In programming, the hard part isn't solving problems, but deciding what problems to solve.
Paul Graham

13. If debugging is the process of removing bugs. Then programming must be the process of putting them in.
Edsger Dijkstra

14.The older I get, the more I believe that the only way to become a better programmer is by not programming.
Jeff Atwood

15.The best programs are the ones written when the programmer is supposed to be working on something else.
Melinda Varian

16. One of the best programming skills you can have is knowing when to walk away for awhile.
Oscar Godson

17. Don’t fix bugs later; fix them now.
Steve Maguire

18. Your problem is another's solution; Your solution will be his problem.
Anonymous

19. Any simple problem can be made insoluble if enough meetings are held to discuss it.
Anonymous
20. Why do we expect documentation to accurately describe the product when the documentation is finished first?
Anonymous