programming quotes

1. "Debugging is like trying to find a needle in a haystack, while blindfolded and riding a horse." - Unknown

2. "If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in." - Edsger Dijkstra

3. "There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works." - Alan J. Perlis

4. "Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning." - Rick Cook

5. "I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits." - Kent Beck

6. "In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer’s shifting idea of what their problem is." - Jeff Atwood

7. "The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit." - Unknown

8. "There are only two hard things in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things." - Phil Karlton

9. "Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs." - Unknown

10. "If at first, you don’t succeed; call it version 1.0." - Unknown

11. "It's not a bug - it's an undocumented feature." - Unknown

12. "Programming is like sex. One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life." - Michael Sinz

13. "A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing." - Emo Philips

14. "When someone says: 'I want a programming language in which I need only say what I want done', give him a lollipop." - Alan J. Perlis

15. "Programming is easy like riding a bike. Except the bike is on fire, you're on fire, everything is on fire, and you're in hell." - Unknown

16. "The problem with troubleshooting is that trouble shoots back." - Unknown

17. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison

18. "First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." - John Johnson

19. "To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer." - Paul Ehrlich

20. "The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state." - John Ousterhout