

1. "Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad." - Cory House

2. "Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." - John Woods

3. "Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." - Harold Abelson

4. "Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." - 
Martin Fowler

5. "It’s not at all important to get it right the first time. It’s vitally important to get it right the last time." - 
Andrew Hunt and David Thomas

6. "The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time." - Tom Cargill

7. "Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." - Bill Gates

8. "Programming is the art of telling another human what one wants the computer to do." - Donald Knuth

9. "The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability." - Randall E. Stross

10. "There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses." - Bjarne Stroustrup

11. "In software, the most beautiful code, the most beautiful functions, and the most beautiful programs are sometimes not there at all." - Jon Bentley

12. "Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming." - Brian Kernighan

13. "Deleted code is debugged code." - Jeff Sickel

14. "The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language." - Alan Kay

15. "Perl – The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption." - Keith Bostic

16. "Debugging is like trying to find a needle in a haystack, but you're not sure if there's a needle, haystack, or if you're even in a field." - Unknown

17. "Give a man a program, frustrate him for a day. Teach a man to program, frustrate him for a lifetime." - Muhammad Waseem

18. "The best error message is the one that never shows up." - Thomas Fuchs

19. "I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits." - Kent Beck

20. "The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late." - Seymour Cray

