1. Programs must be written for people to read and accidentally for machines to execute. - Harold Abelson

2. Before software can be reusable it first has to be useable - Ralph Johnson

3. If debugging is the process of removing softaware bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them - Edsger Dijikstra

4. Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code – Dan Salomon

5. Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves – Alan Kay

6. Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window – Steve Wozniak

7. The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim – Edsger W. Dijkstra

8. That’s what’s cool about working with computers. They don’t argue, they remember everything, and they don’t drink all your beer – Paul Leary

9. Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork – Sam Ewing

10. Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes – Oscar Wilde

11. Code never lies, comments sometimes do – Ron Jeffries

12. Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live – John Woods

13. Every programmer is an author – Sercan Leylek

14. A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street – Doug Linder

15. Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something, you can put beauty into it – Donald Knuth

16. Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships – Linus Torvalds

17. One of the best programming skills you can have is knowing when to walk away for awhile – Oscar Godson

18. Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad – Cory House

19. Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning – Bill Gates

20. Testing can only prove the presence of bugs, not their absence – Edsger Dijkstra